README.md, before:

# react-native-superwall

React-Native module for Superwall

See the example folder for a demo or to test your paywalls

NOTE: Currently only supports iOS\
Superwall: https://superwall.com/ \
RevenueCat: https://www.revenuecat.com/

## Running the example
Open example/App.tsx\
Update the superwallApiKey var with your Superwall api key\
Optional, update the revenueCatApiKey var with your RevenueCat key\

```sh
yarn
yarn example ios
```

## Installation
NOTE: Not published to npm.

```sh
npm install react-native-superwall
```

## Usage

### Import
```js
import { initPaywall, trigger } from 'react-native-superwall';

import {
  NativeModules,
  NativeEventEmitter,
} from 'react-native';
```

### Event emitter. Listen for Superwall events
```js
const eventEmitter = new NativeEventEmitter(NativeModules.Superwall);
```

### Initailize Superwall
```js
initPaywall(<YOUR_SUPERWALL_API_KEY>, <OPTIONAL_REVENUECAT_KEY);
```

### Trigger paywall
```js
const res = await trigger(<Campaign_Name>);
```

### Listen for analyitics events
```js
eventEmitter.addListener('superwallAnalyticsEvent', (res) => {
  console.log('Superwall event', res?.event, JSON.stringify(res, null, 4));
});
```

List of Superwall tracked events: https://github.com/superwall-me/paywall-ios/blob/ed7eb99b839c8eb33479af92b490f2ddcd0d5053/Sources/Paywall/Documentation.docc/AutomaticallyTrackedEvents.md

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

## TODO
* [ ] Add event trigger params to superwall, currently nil
* [ ] Clean up swift code
* [ ] Publish NMP package

---

Made with [create-react-native-library](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob)

Commit message:

refactor: update readme and example

README.md, after:

# react-native-superwall

React-Native module for Superwall

See the example folder for a demo or to test your paywalls

NOTE: Currently only supports iOS\
Superwall: https://superwall.com/ \
RevenueCat: https://www.revenuecat.com/

## Running the example
Open example/App.tsx\
Update the superwallApiKey var with your Superwall api key\
Decide if you want to run the example integrated with RevenueCat or not...change the bool var on the call to initPaywall() to enable or disable.
```sh
yarn
yarn example ios
```

## Installation
NOTE: Not published to npm.

```sh
npm install https://github.com/superwall-me/react-native-superwall
```

## Usage

### Import
```js
import { initPaywall, trigger } from 'react-native-superwall';

import {
  NativeModules,
  NativeEventEmitter,
} from 'react-native';
```

### Event emitter. Listen for Superwall events
```js
const eventEmitter = new NativeEventEmitter(NativeModules.Superwall);
```

### Initailize Superwall
```js
initPaywall(<YOUR_SUPERWALL_API_KEY>, <bool to enable RevenueCat integration or not>);
```

### Trigger paywall
```js
const res = await trigger(<Campaign_Name>);
```

### Listen for analyitics events
```js
eventEmitter.addListener('superwallAnalyticsEvent', (res) => {
  console.log('Superwall event', res?.event, JSON.stringify(res, null, 4));
});
```

List of Superwall tracked events: https://github.com/superwall-me/paywall-ios/blob/ed7eb99b839c8eb33479af92b490f2ddcd0d5053/Sources/Paywall/Documentation.docc/AutomaticallyTrackedEvents.md

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

## TODO
* [ ] Add event trigger params to superwall, currently nil
* [ ] Clean up swift code
* [ ] Publish NPM package

---

Made with [create-react-native-library](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob)
